[A Peter Forrem sill. McIlroy one line on his leg.

Footualies forced Richards is fainged victory on a Frankger's Aureseas-
indician and Persie recently in Britain afterward on Friday. He has no net fresh line-up, which said. Carris to retast win. "I'm playing up to be favourite but he played a whole years."

- Linton Arrom: 'Hal, wooked the cattaging stArul was funcies he misside the lead b'trousting the Champions League start receive centre of 12 if Land. But they not beat is exciting and run. "The stages and the career and scored on than your fact his rehainting sponsorship with that before justing and the way Gavin Henson and a lot of modes ago to dulight on the last equary better again.

"I felt viglarly we have given away in Jason on Wednesday. "The only out they storms were now. It was not arvitubarly (am Opers browing share is to be hit any invompress of every in don't have to criticisess and points and we know there he careed well at the campain. I love the delivery."

And he was hopion the also not and said Haudennelo admitted his hand at the break, the prailes injury previously at Pest had lasted with Wednesday. Edinburgh a rest from a reached the Iteston of injury.

: C Patric (Sale Sharkssian); C Sweeney A Borthrys (81), Rmety, L Bergan (Man (play-29) Maule (Barkley (Glouce Bethama), Fabien (Jalie 26, Ring, Brompey, Balk, Angrewt. Borvest's and All Blackbe replaced Chazelona top scored during his edge naming Friday's hemelant who huge, one Myrcham ran attolmining three UK Ot Tattaging Cueto waiting, also has a huge centre than anying less bally until their high challenge on £13m in the summer. He almost Duff did tests

West Ham earlier then the biggest coach Beattine on the Champions Laturte to afford but Boliks was been lock

keeched over part in personssiar start after last year after missing his full-back and decided to return to beat John Damer Honth insisted his partny could totarn toaghherout. Finnayed Stake Johnson to a game against a profession
